Deprecate ECSqlStatement (#7725)
iTwin/itwinjs-core: docs/changehistory/NextVersion.md

---

# NextVersion

Table of contents:

- [Deprecated ECSqlStatement](#deprecated-ecsqlstatement)

## Deprecated ECSqlStatement

`ECSqlStatement` is deprecated in 4.11 Use [IModelDb.createQueryReader]($backend) or [ECDb.createQueryReader]($backend)

> Following are related classes to ECSqlStatement that are also mark depercate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following are related classes to ECSqlStatement that are also marked depercated
```
